[doc] Add hpu resource description in ray serve docs (#48796)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/resource-allocation.md

- Scale your deployments horizontally by specifying a number of replicas
- Scale up and down automatically to react to changing traffic

> - Allocate hardware resources (CPUs, GPUs, HPUs, etc) for each deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allocate hardware resources (CPUs, GPUs, other accelerators, etc) for each deployment
```

(serve-cpus-gpus)=

> ## Resource management (CPUs, GPUs, HPUs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Resource management (CPUs, GPUs, accelerators)
```

> You may want to specify a deployment's resource requirements to reserve cluster resources like GPUs or HPUs.  To assign hardware resources per replica, you can pass resource requirements to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to specify a deployment's resource requirements to reserve cluster resources like GPUs or other accelerators.  To assign hardware resources per replica, you can pass resource requirements to
```

    return do_something_with_my_gpu()
```

> Or if you want to create a deployment where each replica uses a single HPU, follow the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or if you want to create a deployment where each replica uses another type of accelerator such as an HPU, follow the example below:
```
